[Music]
Well, Soraya got mad at me, don't
tell me about the director Javi, why are you
acting so surprised? I've already told you.
Come on, tell me what happened to you, daughter. Well, it
seems like we're going to see.
Look, this is another debate, not another debate.
When you, no, no, that she got mad, let's see. We
had some differences,
a small discussion, and each one
with their own story. But because of the program the
other day. Well, because of the program the other
day, and because the next day, of course, those
statements were transcribed.
So she attributed it to me after 15
years, 18 years in the
media, as if I had made
a private conversation public. I
was talking to her and obviously I
asked her about this issue. I'm a
journalist, not Pepita from the
hair salon. Hi, I'm Paz, and I sell coupons.
No, it's nothing, I mean, but then
[Music]
Well, it's her loss, it's not a joke. No, let's
see, but listen to me, let's see. The
statements were basically her
collecting cable. Of course, of course,
about the blue tide issue, which,
of course, I interpreted, and you also said that
those statements were perfectly studied.
not a private conversation
but a statement is to publish
Of course She told me like no Of course of course
but pay attention I
mean she gave me to understand now she's going to say also that I tell the private audio conversations but come on people are already eating me up because I said what happened with Javi I stopped following you he looks like his grandmother she's beautiful everything that shines today on your channel that I think it's
not for me eh Marina what shines I think it's
for you Oh please you ca
n't tell me these things that I
then really don't No man I think it
shines
a kiss because I think it shines
bright
you get cut off when they say things to you I don't I I
get carried away when they say things to me Well
no because people
who when you're there sensitive and
vulnerable well you like them to tell you
nice things I say them too I
think we should say as much as
possible because in the world she said it seems that
everything is We're all possessed and it
seems that Satan is there mind it's not
worth Soraya Soraya okay Okay
when because of course I understand that
every time you talk to someone you don't
have to Hey what we're
talking about in private and this is  in public she
has her reasons she's right about one
thing Of course I claim that and you say it's
a private conversation I mean Soraya
man of course it's a
WhatsApp conversation but you know that you're
talking to a journalist and
obviously I've told her I mean what I
've taken out isn't bad in fact it's the other
way around and in fact she tells me at first she
says like Thank goodness it wasn't bad at all
as if to imply that she was going to
publish it enormously I mean it's obvious that you don't
know me You're welcome making this
statement because if she really puts me on
really I tell you if she makes
some comment out of place I wouldn't
tell you and I would never make it public and I tell her and I'm
going to tell you something else I say
and I've told her I say What a coincidence that
she's entering x production company and my for me I
already have a thing with someone What a
coincidence that when someone steps on
production company x I don't want to name we all know it What a coincidence that I have a thing with that person who's been bothering me and war you know what a coincidence do you understand me and she says no it's that no it's not because I'm in Telecinco it's that she's not
staying I say I respect your work I say it
seems to me  great that you earn money
now we understand that she told us that she had been on
Mediaset all day and I was
thinking how strange if she is Jurado if she
mentioned it it is that she was going to be the
presenter and she is Also I think it
was recorded Not that day if I'm not
mistaken Well I don't know well
And then she is what she reproaches me she says I say
Soraya I say you are not going to
judge me I say I apologize because it is
true that I could have
asked you before publishing out of
courtesy but from there to that
turning around like that as if I were the
bogeyman of Greece I am very sorry but no and I am
not going to allow it with more
people when you are talking
to me for example you
know that we are talking about
private things because I am not a person of
interest let's
see but I mean you talk to me often
because we work together we are colleagues
whatever but when you call
Soraya Arnelas with whom you do not have a
colleague relationship and you ask her
about something on television it is understood there is
no need to notify her that is what it is what I am
telling you then she urged me she says
Okay, like from now on don't
write to me anything in my
representation contact I say no no no I'm not
writing to you or your
representation contact or anything I say yes to me who has been
publishing quite nice things of yours for
most of the time years now for
this you're going to sentence me like this right off the bat you're
going to judge me I say forget about me I
mean for the good and the bad we go
for both things I mean yeah but if
now you're not going to be interested in my
career and such then I don't understand I say
girl yes it is I mean I want to tell you it's
also that I got a recipe from her some
super cool thing a month ago we
met from the photocolos And for me
suddenly in this way it's more like the way
come at me in another way you know don't
sentence me So it's happened to me a
little Like it's not like comparable to what happened with
Faina but what do I know you know it's that no I don't
know
praying a big kiss is always there dude
Thank you very much she does
n't move from the Basque Country
I'm in Santander I'm going for you no no I
'm going to the Basque Country now that I have a
little  traumatic but I'll say it later I'll go Not
for nothing eh for some things of mine but it's that it
doesn't make sense at all I'm
trying to understand her because she got
angry they must have hit her she's
afraid of something sometimes I swear Javi
statements I mean first they
embolden her on social media or I mean she
does it on her Instagram account I
mean it's not like she's the one who
starts the movement she emboldens insulting
people on her social media then she
deletes it because she realizes or the rep
tells her listen to me we make
music for left and right and
center and up and down and
now then when you ask her
basically what she does is a
cable collection you transmit her message
I more than you think that you didn't even
say anything offensive to her and she gets
angry about that but girl come on
obviously I'm not going to reproduce
her audios because I'm not like that I don't know to
what extent I could but I'm not going to do it
but it's true that it is a
quite questionable way and in fact I
told her she said no don't get in the
defensive I say defensively it will be my
tone of voice that you are
interpreting it like that I always say
defensive in fact I was trying to make her
understand nothing nothing and this at two in
the morning besides don't believe that it was
two in the afternoon let's go and one and another and
one and another I say up to here up to here it
is and she is a person and I'm not going to say
anything bad about her but let's remember that she has
had quite a few controversies over
time with people or so I have
Well maybe she fits perfectly
where she is now well perfect for her I hope it
goes very well and have a happy day and
happiness I have nothing I just
saw that this afternoon
Roco Carrasco announced again with Ay no me
acuerdo with Diego Martn with Diego
Martn and I'm sure that she's going to sing
this song that I'm going to tell you one that
was something like if you're leaving at least let me see you
at least Get me out of her it
's surely indirect that it's the only song that
has the well-known duet with the dream of
Morpheus and I'm sure that Roco Carrasco
is going to be Raquel del Rosario okay I
don't watch that program either I don't watch it
much anymore  route to stretch no but you
are seeing route something I ask
is that right now right now I do not see
route neither to the literal news
eh or to the news of piquera
It is that for what you have to listen to the
news Because almost but yes it is
true
that things are complicated Or rather that in the
end Telecinco has been third option or
rather the thing about the chimes It has been a
Monumental milk expected I think or rather
at the moment that they move
ridiculous
ridiculous or rather I think it has been it has been
1% in the minute no in the minute in the
minute of the chime I
think it was 1% what they have had no
170,000 viewers is that yes
up to there No it has not entered but come on if
you say so it was yes my goodness
today Wait Let's do it let's
talk with data Because I don't want to say
something that is not but it is very strong Look at
all the audiences of the chimes
22 23 and it has been
Rito Mejide and Maril Montero
a one point six marina How little eh
one point six
250,000 viewers That's on channel 4 and
6.5 million viewers but of course
this is the general program then there
was the exact minute of the chimes
which is
on Telecinco
800,000 viewers and on Channel 4
170,000 which is 1% I'm telling you I was
wrong with Channel 4 with Telecinco
but between the two they don't add up to a
million viewers or 6%
between the two they don't add up to 6% Marina but
I think it was expected I mean in the end
I think they themselves also
gave up when it came to the
location of the Torrejn issue which is
very beautiful and such But
in the end Puerta del Sol is worth a
fortune too I suppose the rent well You
take it to me it seems like a fantasy to me in
fact We were watching it I don't know
who you saw it with you I didn't see it I was
asleep I was already and I was I
was in London it's an hour less I did
n't speak to you at night it was the
next morning the next morning it's
that I was exhausted I asked for a pali it
's the two days the  31 and the tremendous one
and clear at 12 there which is at
11 from here I already fell asleep I remember I
visited my family and that I already fell
asleep no I didn't even find out about the fireworks
there that there There is a fire it's that
the calendar but I just looked
while Marina was telling me about
Soraya but I see that it is a
publication of Rosa Benito It's been four
weeks since we talked about it no sorry that
was an exclusive of mine too handsome
I took it
there they told me that someone said
something nice to me and you removed it Ah
Excuse me excuse me but you're jealous say it
Hey Viking what's up today I'm getting
few compliments eh today
all the compliments are going to Marina well
Tuesdays are full of compliments to Marina and me
very little eh I don't even make an effort Look I
came with Man's pants with my
pajamas I came with my pajamas and I say
Look listen to me
why am I going to get ready no Why am I
going to please please please
the pants
but explain to me what fantasy is this of
the
pajama store Look at you, I'll spend
a penny, no store in London with what
Claro let's go if it costs me let's
become a member of something here like
expensive Hey listen to me, well closing the
subject of the audiences completely
pathetic okay on Telecinco it hasn't
even added a million visits I don't know this
How could it be recovered and Bye they
told me that you were asking me about ibai they
told me that it has gone down I've seen it I've
seen it Yes yes yes compared to last year and the
truth is that it has surprised me because I
expected that it was going to go up maybe
no man
totally because it won't be because we haven't
given it hype also the media because
also the fact that he joined A
ane what Ramn didn't tell me in that
interview but I knew it
obviously it seemed like a fantasy to me
Although She comes a little
out of place which is normal but then
nevertheless the chatty life at the moment
the bells throw a grape at her Ramn
Garca something that on Spanish television we would
never see but but it made me feel
sorry because I thought he was going straight to
double what he did last year it was all
made perfect sense it is not understood  It is
understood that every time this is going
up and when we talk about an ibai it is
that you already know what
the exposure, I mean when someone grows
and hits a Boom, I mean the
exposure itself brings more exposure, I mean
us for example, Better we are
growing, more and more people are coming
to telesalseo, we are growing, the little one whatever,
you are not gaining more followers
on Twitter because you have posted this tweet it has gone
viral later but I was and since
everyone talks about device, well, from
simple word of mouth you
look like, Hey, I was going to go to the
chimes on TV and you put There it goes,
you know from the media itself and from
word of mouth, maybe you don't know what
ibai does, you don't know what the hell his
Stream does or what the theme is, but
since everyone was going and goes and
your ad comes out, another ad comes out, well,
by getting off TV many times they see it
and the truth is that I really expected, I think
last year there were 400,000
viewers
[Music]